ADULT ADAM:
Back in the '80s,
before you could buy
anything you wanted
with a click of a mouse,
shopping was more
of a contact sport.
(WOMEN SHOUTING)
And no one was better at it
than my mom.
Remember, dented cans
are 50% off.
I made it easy for you.
They're all dented.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh!
Now they're all dented.
(LAUGHS)
I don't care
if it is a misprint.
This ad says that
that lawn mower is $9.99,
and I am not leaving
until you honor this price.
ADULT ADAM:
There was no bargain
too small, too large,
or too dangerous
for Beverly Goldberg.
I'm not exaggerating.
This really happened.
Mom, they're slipping!
Don't you dare let go.
Use the tag!
Hold on tight!
It's ripping!
It says "Do not remove!"
Dad, slow down!
We can't hold them.
No. Speed up.
They'll stabilize
at a higher speed.
This isn't worth it!
They were buy two,
get two free.
It's totally worth it.
(SINGSONG) Pumpkin.
Big news
about the winter formal.
Found a great price
on that dress you wanted.
Is it behind this picture
of a dress I don't want?
Seriously, I don't want
some crappy knockoff.
Dad, little help?
Here's all I know
about fashion.
I like blue. That's it.
Then let me explain
how it works.
You have to spend money
to look nice.
Or you could grab
some of the old dresses
in your closet,
cut 'em up,
and make a new one
in the current style.
Like, um,
that movie with, uh,
the girl with the face.
Mom, he's upsetting me.
You should go.
I'll go. (CRUNCHES)
(SIGHS) Look at
these prices, Erica.
(LAUGHS)
It's gonna be so much fun.
Discount barn, here we come.
No! No discount barn
or huts or warehouses.
I'm tired of always
asking you guys for money.
I'm getting a job.
A job?
You're just a child.
I can't have you
losing a foot
in a forklift accident.
Forklift?
Patty Newsome's son
got his foot crushed
his first day
at the lumberyard.
He'll never bike
through Europe now.
Is that what you want?
Brenda said she could
get me a job with her
at Gimbels, okay?
I'll finally have
my own money.
Plus I get
a big employee discount.
ADULT ADAM:
That magic word was all
my mom needed to hear.
(FANFARE PLAYING)
Well, who am I
to stand in your way?
That settles it.
You're getting a discount.
Job. (LAUGHS)
You're getting a job.
I'm just so happy for us.
You. (LAUGHS)
I'm happy for all of us.
Oh. Discount.
♪ I'm twisted up inside
♪ But nonetheless
I feel the need to say
♪ I don't know the future
♪ But the past keeps getting
clearer every day ♪
ADULT ADAM:
It was November 19th,
1980-something,
and like every afternoon,
I was spending quality time
with my good friend
Nintendo.
Come on, slugger.
Let's hit the track.
The ponies are waiting.
One sec. I'm so close
to winning  Zelda,
I can taste it.
Six months of hard work
is about to pay off.
You know what I did
in six months?
Win World War II.
(SHOUTING) I get it!
You lived a rich life!
Enough!
I'm sorry. I'm under
a lot of pressure here.
This game is all I have.
Guess whose life
sucks a big sack of marbles.
Just guess.
All right, Barry,
what now?
First period,
backpack rips open.
Bad luck.
Second period,
I fail my pop quiz.
Super bad luck.
Third period gym,
we're playing basketball,
and a bird dooks
on my face.
He dooks on my face!
Actually, when a bird
goes poo-poo on you,
it's good luck.
Oh, really?
Well, after school,
I asked Jen Sperling
to the winter formal,
and she told me Ryan Corbett
just asked her
two minutes before me.
I don't just have bad luck.
I have Barry luck.
Why don't you come
to the track with us?
Pops, don't do that.
He's a jinx.
Shut up! I'll blind you
with my fists!
But he's right.
I'm the worst.
POPS: Stop talking
that way.
All you need
is a positive attitude,
and you'll find your luck's
as good as anyone's.
You think?
I know.
You're sitting
on my bagel bites.
What?
Damn it!
Stupid Barry luck!
Thanks for coming.
Come back soon.
How are we doing over here?
Terrific. Just sold
an extended warranty
for a basketball.
Nice work, Erica.
You keep that up,
and pretty soon,
you'll be wearing
this vest.
Well, not this exact one.
There's a different style...
(SINGSONG) For the ladies.
Just to be clear,
I'm not hitting on you.
Okay.
(SINGSONG)
There's my little
worker bee.
Buzz, buzz.
Mom, what are you
doing here?
(CHUCKLES)
Just wanted to come by
and see my daughter
on her first day of work.
(CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS)
Oh. (CHUCKLES)
And while I'm here,
I picked up a couple
of essentials.
Some fiddle faddle...
(CASH REGISTER BEEPING)
Videotapes for Adam,
a clapper for dad
so he can...
Turn the lights off
from bed,
cologne for Pops...
(BEEPING CONTINUES)
And an athletic supporter
and cup for Barry.
Look at this.
(ROBOTIC VOICE)
I'm Darth Vader.
Erica, I am your mother.
Give me your discount.
(LAUGHS)
(NORMAL VOICE)
Oh, but seriously,
give me your discount.
I've only been here
an hour.
I'm not even sure
how that works.
The discount policy
extends to the employee's
immediate family,
and that's me.
How do you
even know that?
Well, I took a look-see
inside the employee lounge
and checked out
the handbook.
Ugh. Fine.
I'll give you my discount,
just as long as you
stay out of the lounge.
(WHISPERS) Okay.
(REGISTER BEEPS)
With the discount...
It comes to...
$17.10.
And... Damn it, I'm good.
Mom...
(LAUGHS)
I'm so proud of us.
MAN OVER PA:
And down the stretch
they come...
Yes! Yes!
Move your ass! Move it!
Move it!
That's it!
Yes, yes!
No!
Son of a bitch!
Damn it!
The one day I wear
a ketchup-colored shirt!
(GROANS)
Come on. I got an idea.
Hey, Barry.
Barry, wait up.
I lost three in a row, Pops.
Can we just go?
Why would we go?
You didn't lose that race.
You won.
Really?
Really. When I placed
your bet,
I also picked the trifecta,
then boxed the quinella,
and wheeled the exotica.
That means you win
for coming in last.
That doesn't make
any sense.
Of course it does.
It's like in golf.
The person who gets
the lowest score wins.
That does happen in golf!
You just won yourself
20 bucks.
Now that's Barry luck.
Chili dogs on me, baby!
Whoo!
Told you I had a plan.
Where's the snack bar?
Whoo!
ADULT ADAM:
While Pops was making
Barry's life better,
over the next week,
my mom continued making
Erica's a living hell.
This is the last
outfit left
in Adam's size,
so I'll just bring
the mannequin back tomorrow.
Mom, this is the fourth time
you've been here this week.
Actually, it's the fifth.
I came in on your day off,
and Randy let me use
his discount.
I don't wanna
get in trouble.
Donald said
I'm being considered
for assistant manager.
Oh, my God.
That would be amazing!
According to the handbook,
you'd get another 10% off.
Mom, you're not listening.
And you're not making
with the beep-bop-boop.
I'm sorry, honey.
I've gotta speed this along.
I've got lunch plans.
You can't be back here.
(REGISTER BEEPING)
(REGISTER WHIRS)
It'll just take a minute.
You're messing
with my drawer.
I have a system!
(RECEIPT RIPS)
Thanks, poopie.
Yeah, we need to talk.
I know, I know.
Look, you've become
a really special member
of the Gimbels family.
Technically,
your mom is allowed
to use your discount,
but in my heart,
it just feels wrong.
I get that.
You get that if you
don't get rid of her,
I will fire you?
I didn't get that.
But now I do.
Good. Make sure
we get the mannequin back.
ADULT ADAM:
Erica knew
someone had to go,
and it wasn't gonna be her.
So when my mom
came in the next day,
she was ready.
Here you go.
Four snow pants,
four parkas,
three sets of mittens,
and of course,
fiddle faddle.
And it practically all
pays for itself
with my employee discount.
Have I told you that
you're my favorite child?
I'm gonna say it
at the dinner table tonight.
I literally love you
the most.
Aw.
(CLICKS TONGUE) Aw.
Bye, sweetie.
Bye.
(ALARM SOUNDING)
Sorry, ma'am.
We're gonna need
to go through your bags.
Oh. Of course.
(CHUCKLES)
You know, I come here
all the time.
It's just standard
procedure.
I honestly...don't know
how that got in there.
Can you come with me,
please?
Why? I didn't take it.
I don't even wear
white diamonds.
It's not my signature scent.
Come on.
Don't put your hands on me!
I have rights.
We don't need
to make a scene.
Erica! Call Mr. Gimbel.
Tell him one of
his best customers
is in trouble
and needs his help.
I'd rather not
get involved, ma'am.
You. I've been framed.
She framed me
with snow pants.
Oh! Please hold on
to my merchandise
until I can get this
sorted out!
ADULT ADAM:
Now that Barry's luck
had changed,
he was sure
it was contagious.
Yah!
Whoo!
I'm on fire, baby!
That was all me.
I scored that goal.
What are you talking about?
My awesome luck's
going right through the TV
and into the flyers.
That's true. Whenever
something good happens,
we call it Barry luck.
Is that what
you called it
when he bit
into his own hand
at dinner the other night?
That's old Barry.
(POPCORN RUSTLES)
You ate all the fiddle!
It's all faddle now,
you moron.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Hey, kiddo. How was work?
Good. Good.
Another day,
another dollar.
(CLAPPING)
You.
You gave me no choice.
You were using me
as a human discount.
Who has their own mother
arrested? Who does that?
And to think I almost
bought you snow pants?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
All right, what's
going on here?
Your own daughter had me
hauled off to jail.
It was the mall
security office
next to the orange Julius.
It was jail.
It was small and stuffy,
and they took a very
unflattering polaroid of me.
Look at it. Look at it.
Look at it.
Eh.
Wait. Did you steal that?
You were there for stealing.
I was providing this family
with the essential items
that make
this household run,
like food, clothing,
fiddle faddle.
That's what I do.
Tell her, Murray.
He agrees with me.
You framed the woman
who gave birth to you.
Bravo.
Damn it!
(CLAPPING)
Murray.
Go to your room
while I figure out
your punishment.
I'm 17. You can't just
send me to my room.
Oh, I can,
and I will,
and I just did.
It's my job
as your mother.
Job? Please.
You've never had a job
a day in your life.
You're just a mom.
ADULT ADAM:
It had been three days
since Erica questioned
my mom's entire
reason for being,
so Beverly Goldberg did
the only reasonable thing
she could think of.
She went on strike.
Hey, honey.
Uh, just talking
with the boys,
and we were
kind of wondering
where we are
on tonight's
dinner situation.
Ooh. I just made myself
a delicious piece
of teriyaki salmon,
but, uh, oh, I think
there's cold cuts
in the fridge.
Look, Bevy,
I know you're trying
to make a point here,
but it's been
three days.
I had to wear
my tuxedo shirt
to work!
Yes, I did look like
Roger Moore,
but don't you think
it's time you called off
this fight?
There's no fight.
All that happened
was my daughter
gently suggested
that my life
is meaningless.
Oh, here's
our little angel now.
If you have a problem,
you should take it up
with her.
What?
You know what.
You broke Mom.
ADULT ADAM:
While my mom and Erica
continued their battle,
my battle with Zelda
was about to come
to a glorious end.
(TRIUMPHANT MUSIC PLAYING)
(BEEPS)
(PANTING) Okay.
Don't touch
anything in there.
I'm about to win  Zelda.
I gotta grab
my video camera
and record this moment.
'Cause it's literally
the biggest day of my life.
Well, who's Zelda?
Your... Your girlfriend?
No. It's the game
I've been playing
for the last six months.
It's all I talk about.
Were you even listening?
I think you answered
your own question there.
Don't let anyone
near the TV!
Oh, my God,
it's happening!
Dad. You won't believe
the day I had.
First I aced my math quiz.
B-minus.
Then bio lab got flooded,
so we had class
in the quad,
where a bird
did not crap on me.
Then after school,
Jen Sperling asked me
to the dance
'cause her date got...
♪ Viral meningitis
Oh, good for you.
Bad for him.
But good for you.
His brain is swollen!
Everything's
coming up Barry.
ADULT ADAM:  Barry was on
a lucky streak, and I
was gonna pay the price.
I was one button click away
from winning
The legend of Zelda.
Unfortunately,
I wasn't the one
who got to click the button.
(BEEPING)
See that?
I literally can't lose.
(CRYING) No, no! No!
What did you do?
You stupid, stupid man.
Dude! What's your problem?
I've been playing that game
for six months!
And I beat it
in six seconds.
Guess that's just
Barry luck.
You're not lucky.
You didn't win
a single race
at the track.
I won the exotica!
You just don't
understand golf.
You don't understand
anything.
No one wins
for coming in last.
Pops made it all up.
What?
Pops would never
screw with me like that.
Tell him.
You can win tons of money
for coming in last.
That's right!
And one day,
you'll ride a unicorn,
and you'll live in a house
made of candy.
Just to be clear,
you won't.
ADULT ADAM:
And just like that,
Barry's lucky streak ended.
You okay?
Yeah. I...
Finally made enough money
to buy the dress
I wanted at work,
and apparently,
taffeta melts.
Apologize to your mom.
Dad...
Not just for you,
but for me, too.
There's no food
in the house.
Today I had to eat
an apple.
I'm not gonna
apologize to Mom
because you
had to eat fruit.
I know your mom
gets carried away,
but everything she does,
she does for this family.
It's her job.
And she doesn't get
any employee discounts,
and all her customers...
Jerks! Every one of 'em.
You may not wanna do
what your mom does
when you grow up,
but you gotta learn
to respect it.
ADULT ADAM:
After learning
Pops had tricked him,
bad luck Barry set out
to get his revenge.
Thanks for agreeing
to bring me back here,
Pops.
I'm on such
a lucky streak,
figured I'd let it ride.
Mmm. Well,
what'll it be, kiddo?
There are some great odds
on semi-charmed.
Mmm. No. I'm gonna bet
Colonel Seymour.
Colonel Seymour?
He's 40 to 1.
You could jump on my back,
and we'd beat him.
Well, with Barry luck,
I can't lose,
'cause I'm Barry
and I'm lucky.
Right? Right?
Here's all the money
to my name...
Birthdays, allowance,
money I stole from Adam.
Bet it all.
I don't think you
should make this bet, kid.
Why not? I mean,
you told me I'm lucky,
and it's not like
my grandfather
would lie to my face
for a week straight.
Right?
So I'm guessing you know.
Yeah, I know!
Adam told me everything.
I'm a completely jinx,
and you know it.
Kiddo, you just had
the week of your life,
and you know why?
'Cause you were thinking
positive for a change.
Yeah, 'cause
thinking positive
got me a hot date,
good grades,
and stopped
my night terrors.
Yes! Look, there's
no such thing as luck.
It's all about
betting on yourself.
That's when things
really change.
Guess it was a good week.
So, uh, you're still gonna
bet on this crazy long shot
Colonel Seymour?
Nah. I think I'm gonna
sit this one out.
MAN OVER PA:
And the winner is
Colonel Seymour
by half a length.
Pops, how much
would I have won?
Somewhere in
the neighborhood
of $4,253.
Ugh.
Ugh!
Hey.
What are you
doing out here?
Had to get out
of that stinky house.
It smells like
a diaper fire.
(PLASTIC RUSTLING)
Wow.
These are comfortable.
It's comfort
spring technology.
Look, I was pissed.
I shouldn't have
said all that.
I know what you do
is a job.
You know,
when I was younger,
I was really good in school.
I got straight A's.
I was a real good arguer,
and people used to say,
"Beverly Solomon,
you should be a lawyer."
That wasn't my dream.
My dream was
to have a family.
My dream was this.
You're really
good at it.
But it's not for everyone.
You want different things
out of life, and...
That's okay.
You sure?
Honey, you are a pain
in my ass,
and you never listen
to a word I say,
but the way you had me
booted out of that store...
(SCOFFS)
You're gonna make
a great assistant manager
one day.
I'm sorry I got you sent
to mall jail.
I'm sorry
I got carried away
with your discount.
I know I get crazy
when it comes to shopping.
I will try to work on that.
No, you won't.
I really won't.
Listen,
I need your help.
I kinda ironed my dress.
Honey,
you don't iron taffeta.
It's okay.
Mama will fix it.
Aw.
(CLICKS TEETH) Aw.
♪ Well, she was
an American girl ♪
Here you go, sweetie.
Made your lunch.
Have a good day at work.
You, too.
(CHUCKLES)
ADULT ADAM:
Yeah, in my family,
we yelled and swore
and sometimes
framed each other
for petty crimes,
but under all that crazy,
we were always there
to support each other.
Zelda II? Seriously?
I saved some money
at the track.
Come on. Let's go play.
(CHUCKLES)
BEVERLY: Aw, look at
my delicious little boy!
Lucky guy.
♪ Take it easy, baby
♪ Make it last all night
♪ She was an American girl
She looks amazing.
How'd you fix her dress?
Easy. I just bought her
a new one.
ADULT ADAM:
And every now and then,
we even made
each other's lives
just a little bit easier.
What is this?
Figured it was our turn
to make you dinner.
Oh, my gosh.
That is so sweet!
So exciting.
Tough on the top
and has a jelly coating
on the bottom.
(MOUTH FULL)
Is that baking soda?
(GRUNTS)
Why don't I just
whip something up?
Thank God.
Perfect.
BEVERLY: I love you guys.
Look what I swiped
from the security office
at work.
(SIREN WAILING ON TV)
You can't detain me!
I have rights!
I almost went to law school.
I am a female woman,
and I am being held
against my will.
♪ Nobody knows
♪ The trouble I've seen
This prison can't hold me!
Let me out!
You may have
caged my body,
but you have not
caged my mind!
Do you think
this is funny?
I know what you're doing
back there.
I can see you!
You will not break
my spirit.
(GRUNTS)
How long was she
in there?
12 minutes.
Please don't do that now.
Don't do that.
ADAM: Well...
That's a nice sweater.
Where'd you get that?